[Music]
[Music] and Samuel took a flask of oil and
and Samuel took a flask of oil and
and Samuel took a flask of oil and poured it on his head and kissed him and
poured it on his head and kissed him and
poured it on his head and kissed him and said is it not because the Lord has
said is it not because the Lord has
said is it not because the Lord has anointed you commander over his
anointed you commander over his
anointed you commander over his inheritance when you have departed from
inheritance when you have departed from
inheritance when you have departed from me today
me today
me today you will find two men by Rachel's Tomb
you will find two men by Rachel's Tomb
you will find two men by Rachel's Tomb in the territory of Benjamin at the
in the territory of Benjamin at the
in the territory of Benjamin at the Zelda and they will say to you
Zelda and they will say to you
Zelda and they will say to you the donkey's which you went to look for
the donkey's which you went to look for
the donkey's which you went to look for have been found and now your father has
have been found and now your father has
have been found and now your father has ceased caring about the donkey's and is
ceased caring about the donkey's and is
ceased caring about the donkey's and is worrying about you saying
worrying about you saying
worrying about you saying what shall I do about my son
what shall I do about my son
what shall I do about my son then you shall go on forward from there
then you shall go on forward from there
then you shall go on forward from there and come to the terebinth tree of Tabor
and come to the terebinth tree of Tabor
and come to the terebinth tree of Tabor there are three men going up to God at
there are three men going up to God at
there are three men going up to God at Bethel will meet you one carrying three
Bethel will meet you one carrying three
Bethel will meet you one carrying three young goats another carrying three
young goats another carrying three
young goats another carrying three loaves of bread and another carrying a
loaves of bread and another carrying a
loaves of bread and another carrying a skin of wine and they will greet you and
skin of wine and they will greet you and
skin of wine and they will greet you and give you two loaves of bread which you
give you two loaves of bread which you
give you two loaves of bread which you shall receive from their hands after
shall receive from their hands after
shall receive from their hands after that you shall come to the hill of God
that you shall come to the hill of God
that you shall come to the hill of God with a Philistine garrison ease and it
with a Philistine garrison ease and it
with a Philistine garrison ease and it will happen
will happen
will happen when you have come there to the city
when you have come there to the city
when you have come there to the city that you will meet a group of prophets
that you will meet a group of prophets
that you will meet a group of prophets coming down from the high place the
coming down from the high place the
coming down from the high place the stringed instrument a tambourine a flute
stringed instrument a tambourine a flute
stringed instrument a tambourine a flute and a heart before them and they will be
and a heart before them and they will be
and a heart before them and they will be prophesied then the Spirit of the Lord
prophesied then the Spirit of the Lord
prophesied then the Spirit of the Lord will come upon you and you will prophesy
will come upon you and you will prophesy
will come upon you and you will prophesy with them and be turned into another man
with them and be turned into another man
with them and be turned into another man and let it be
and let it be
and let it be when these signs come to you that you do
when these signs come to you that you do
when these signs come to you that you do as the occasion demands for God is with
as the occasion demands for God is with
as the occasion demands for God is with you you shall go down before me to
you you shall go down before me to
you you shall go down before me to Gilgal and surely I will come down to
Gilgal and surely I will come down to
Gilgal and surely I will come down to you to offer burnt offerings and make
you to offer burnt offerings and make
you to offer burnt offerings and make sacrifices of peace offerings seven days
sacrifices of peace offerings seven days
sacrifices of peace offerings seven days you shall wait till I come to you and
you shall wait till I come to you and
you shall wait till I come to you and show you what you should do so it was
show you what you should do so it was
show you what you should do so it was when he had turned his back to go from
when he had turned his back to go from
when he had turned his back to go from Samuel that God gave him another heart
Samuel that God gave him another heart
Samuel that God gave him another heart and all those signs came to pass that
and all those signs came to pass that
and all those signs came to pass that day when they came there to the hill
day when they came there to the hill
day when they came there to the hill there was a group of prophets to meet
there was a group of prophets to meet
there was a group of prophets to meet him then the Spirit of God came upon him
him then the Spirit of God came upon him
him then the Spirit of God came upon him and he prophesied among them and it
and he prophesied among them and it
and he prophesied among them and it happened when all who knew him formally
happened when all who knew him formally
happened when all who knew him formally saw that he had indeed prophesied among
saw that he had indeed prophesied among
saw that he had indeed prophesied among the prophets that the people said to one
the prophets that the people said to one
the prophets that the people said to one another what is this that has come upon
another what is this that has come upon
another what is this that has come upon the son of Kish is Saul also among the
the son of Kish is Saul also among the
the son of Kish is Saul also among the prophets then a man from there answered
prophets then a man from there answered
prophets then a man from there answered but who is their father
but who is their father
but who is their father therefore it became a proverb is soul
therefore it became a proverb is soul
therefore it became a proverb is soul also among the prophets when he had
also among the prophets when he had
also among the prophets when he had finished prophesying he went to the high
finished prophesying he went to the high
finished prophesying he went to the high place and Saul's
place and Saul's
place and Saul's uncle said to him and his servant where
uncle said to him and his servant where
uncle said to him and his servant where did you go to look for the donkey's when
did you go to look for the donkey's when
did you go to look for the donkey's when we saw that they were nowhere to be
we saw that they were nowhere to be
we saw that they were nowhere to be found we went to Samuel tell me please
found we went to Samuel tell me please
found we went to Samuel tell me please what Samuel said to you he told us
what Samuel said to you he told us
what Samuel said to you he told us plainly that the donkey's had been found
plainly that the donkey's had been found
plainly that the donkey's had been found but about the matter of the kingdom he
but about the matter of the kingdom he
but about the matter of the kingdom he did not tell him what Samuel had said
did not tell him what Samuel had said
did not tell him what Samuel had said and Samuel called the people together to
and Samuel called the people together to
and Samuel called the people together to the Lord at Misbah and said to the
the Lord at Misbah and said to the
the Lord at Misbah and said to the children of Israel thus says the Lord
children of Israel thus says the Lord
children of Israel thus says the Lord God of Israel I brought up Israel out of
God of Israel I brought up Israel out of
God of Israel I brought up Israel out of Egypt and delivered you from the hand of
Egypt and delivered you from the hand of
Egypt and delivered you from the hand of the Egyptians and from the hand of all
the Egyptians and from the hand of all
the Egyptians and from the hand of all kingdoms and from those who oppressed
kingdoms and from those who oppressed
kingdoms and from those who oppressed you but you have today rejected your God
you but you have today rejected your God
you but you have today rejected your God who himself saved you from all your
who himself saved you from all your
who himself saved you from all your adversities and your tribulations and
adversities and your tribulations and
adversities and your tribulations and you have said to him no set a king over
you have said to him no set a king over
you have said to him no set a king over us now therefore present yourselves
us now therefore present yourselves
us now therefore present yourselves before the Lord by your tribes and by
before the Lord by your tribes and by
before the Lord by your tribes and by your clans and when Samuel had caused
your clans and when Samuel had caused
your clans and when Samuel had caused all the tribes of Israel to come near
all the tribes of Israel to come near
all the tribes of Israel to come near the tribe of Benjamin was chosen when he
the tribe of Benjamin was chosen when he
the tribe of Benjamin was chosen when he had caused the tribe of Benjamin to come
had caused the tribe of Benjamin to come
had caused the tribe of Benjamin to come near by their families the family of
near by their families the family of
near by their families the family of maitribe was chosen and sol the son of
maitribe was chosen and sol the son of
maitribe was chosen and sol the son of Kish was chosen but when they sought him
Kish was chosen but when they sought him
Kish was chosen but when they sought him he could not be found
he could not be found
he could not be found therefore they inquired of the Lord
therefore they inquired of the Lord
therefore they inquired of the Lord further has the man come here yet
further has the man come here yet
further has the man come here yet there he is hidden among the equipment
there he is hidden among the equipment
there he is hidden among the equipment so they ran and brought him from there
so they ran and brought him from there
so they ran and brought him from there and when he stood among the people he
and when he stood among the people he
and when he stood among the people he was taller than any of the people from
was taller than any of the people from
was taller than any of the people from his shoulders Upland and Samuel said to
his shoulders Upland and Samuel said to
his shoulders Upland and Samuel said to all the people do you see him whom the
all the people do you see him whom the
all the people do you see him whom the Lord has chosen that there is no one
Lord has chosen that there is no one
Lord has chosen that there is no one like him among all the people so all the
like him among all the people so all the
like him among all the people so all the people shouted the keg and Samuel
people shouted the keg and Samuel
people shouted the keg and Samuel explained to the people the behavior of
explained to the people the behavior of
explained to the people the behavior of royalty and wrote it in a book
royalty and wrote it in a book
royalty and wrote it in a book and laid it up before the Lord and
and laid it up before the Lord and
and laid it up before the Lord and Samuel sent all the people away every
Samuel sent all the people away every
Samuel sent all the people away every man to his house and Saul also went home
man to his house and Saul also went home
man to his house and Saul also went home to Gibeah and valiant men went with him
to Gibeah and valiant men went with him
to Gibeah and valiant men went with him whose hearts God had touched but some
whose hearts God had touched but some
whose hearts God had touched but some rebel said how can this man save us so
rebel said how can this man save us so
rebel said how can this man save us so they despised him and brought him no
they despised him and brought him no
they despised him and brought him no presence but he held his peace